50% of the points on the project is for creating a version of the CDRLC atrium with:
10 unique models from the web (remember to cite the creators)
5 unique 3D models that you create on your own (more on this below)
at least 5 of the models need to have appropriate physics and collliders to be grabbable, droppable, and tossable, and collide with the floor
a new lighting scheme with at least 2 new appropriate lights. You can also move / modify the existing lights.
at least 1 relevant (and not annoying) ambient sound or piece of music
5 new unique 'flat' models with images (hanging banners, rugs, wall art) where the textures can come from cited creators
at least 2 of the 3D models should be animated and move, or move some of their parts
at least 5 of the 3D models need to have appropriate physics and collliders to be grabbable, droppable, and tossable, and collide with other parts of the kiosk and the floor
at least two of the models need to be larger than a person, and two the size a person could easily pick up (in general your objects should have a wide range of scales)

30% of the points on the project are for ...
the user needs to be able to interact with at least 2 objects in the scene using their hand and have each of those objects produce new objects (i.e. every time you touch a vending machine a new something pops out, or every time you touch the water dispenser water flows out. Interaction must happen locally with the users hand intersecting the object, not at distance.
at least 4 unique sounds that get louder as you get closer, or that are triggered by interacting with objects in the scene, or that sound when objects hit other objects.
at least one 3D object that moves though the scene on its own (but not through the walls) e.g. a bird, drone, butterfly, robot on the floor.
at least one particle system
each member of your team needs to use Makehuman and Mixamo (or similar tool) to create a 1:1 scale (anonymous) student or faculty member, wearing something G rated, with a suitable G rated idle animation. The person should say something appropriate when you touch them with either controller.

20% of the points on the project are for ...
have one functional lever or dial that the user can use to affect something (e.g. a light a sound, location of an object) in the scene
an ability to easily teleport to 3 fixed interesting locations in the scene (e.g. to the different floors to get a look at the atrium from those locations)
ensure that the user can not push themselves into the sky by holding objects under their head


environment will be themed after briah and atziluth layers


idea: whitenight suppression
	push a button, whitenight breaches containment and triggers a boss battle
		play the cutscene
		12 apostles spawn around the scene (use a basic human dummy model but with wings + halo + weapon)
			spawn 4 at a time, 3 phases in total
			user must go around and smack them with an EGO
				maybe just give the player solemn vow since guns are easy to understand
			apostles will shoot projectiles at the player to dodge 
				should be slow moving, not an actual threat
				bullet hell time bb
		maybe just make whitenight a png that looks towards the player
		
notes:
	hide/cull parts of the building out of view/range of the player to save on processing power